README.md, before:

Scarecrow
=========

Scarecrow is a bot I made for friends and their servers, it has a cool twitter stream feature and some additional fun and eventually useful commands.

## Usage

Invite the bot to your server using [this link][bot invite], then perform commands using the bot's mention as the commands' prefix, e.g :

```
@Scarecrow#8745 prefix add €
@Scarecrow#8745 twitter follow discordapp
```

The help command will display the available commands list or information about the category or specific command you give it :

```
@Scarecrow#8745 help
@Scarecrow#8745 help Misc
@Scarecrow#8745 help twitter fetch
```

Note that commands altering the bot's behavior usually require the user to have the ``Manage Server`` permission.

## Support

If you notice an actual bug, you can open an issue here, with info on what is happening and how to reproduce the issue.

For more general questions about the bot, general announcements and an easy way to get in touch with me, feel free to join the dedicated [discord server][discord invite].

[bot invite]: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=172350367122718720&scope=bot&permissions=486464
[discord invite]: https://discord.gg/M85dw9u

Commit message:

Add a paragraph on the help command in the readme.

README.md, after:

# Scarecrow

Scarecrow is a bot I made for friends and their servers, it has a cool twitter stream feature and some additional fun and eventually useful commands.

## Usage

Invite the bot to your server using [this link][bot invite], then perform commands using the bot's mention as the commands' prefix, e.g :

```
@Scarecrow#8745 info
@Scarecrow#8745 prefix add €
€twitter search discord
€twitter follow discordapp
```

Note that commands altering the bot's behavior usually require the user to have the ``Manage Server`` permission.

### The help command
The `help` command is the best way to know what the bot or a command does.

Typing `@Scarecrow#8745 help` will display the available commands (not everyone can run every command, see previous paragraph) as a list with a short description explaining their main purpose.

For detailed info about a command named `foo`, type `@Scarecrow#8745 help foo`. e.g :

```
@Scarecrow#8745 help
@Scarecrow#8745 help poll
@Scarecrow#8745 help twitter fetch
```

## Support

If you notice an actual bug, you can open an issue here, with info on what is happening and how to reproduce the issue.

For more general questions about the bot, general announcements and an easy way to get in touch with me, feel free to join the dedicated [discord server][discord invite].

[bot invite]: https://discordapp.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=172350367122718720&scope=bot&permissions=486464
[discord invite]: https://discord.gg/M85dw9u
